git init Initialize a new Git repository.
git clone repository Clone a repository into a new directory.
git status Show the status of the working directory and staging area.
git add file Add a file to the staging area.
git commit -m message Commit changes in the staging area with a message.
git push Push commits to a remote repository.
git pull Fetch from and integrate with another repository or a local branch.
git branch List all local branches.
git branch branch_name Create a new branch.
git checkout branch_name Switch to a different branch.
git merge branch_name Merge changes from one branch into the current branch.
git log Show commit logs.
git diff Show changes between commits, commit and working tree, etc.
git reset Reset current HEAD to the specified state.
git stash Stash changes in the working directory.
git stash pop Apply stashed changes to the working directory.
git remote Manage set of tracked repositories.
git remote -v List remote repositories.
git remote add name url Add a new remote repository.
git remote remove name Remove a remote repository.
git tag List, create, or delete tags.
git tag -a tag_name -m message Create an annotated tag.
git show tag_name Show tag information.
git fetch remote Download objects and refs from another repository.
git checkout -b branch_name Create and switch to a new branch.
git push remote branch_name Push a branch to a remote repository.
git pull remote branch_name Fetch from the remote repository and merge into the current branch.
git rebase branch_name Reapply commits on top of another base tip.
git cherry-pick commit Apply the changes introduced by the specified commits.
git bisect Use binary search to find the commit that introduced a bug.
git grep Print lines matching a pattern.
git clean Remove untracked files from the working tree.
git config Get and set repository or global options.
git blame file Show what revision and author last modified each line of a file.
git show-branch Show branches and their commits.
git reflog Manage reflog information.
git remote prune remote Prune all stale remote-tracking branches.
git remote update Fetch updates from all remotes.
git revert commit Revert some existing commits.
git log --graph --oneline Display an ASCII graph of the branch and commit history.
git log --author=author Show commits by a specific author.
git log --since=date Show commits since a specific date.
git log --until=date Show commits until a specific date.
git log --grep=pattern Show commits with a commit message matching the specified pattern.
git merge --abort Abort the current merge and restore the state before the merge.
git remote set-url remote url Change the URL of a remote repository.
git submodule Initialize, update, or inspect submodules.
git checkout -- file Discard changes in the working directory for a specific file.
git push --force Force push to remote repository.
git log --pretty=format%h - %an, %ar  %s Customize the output format of the commit log.